This aggression will not stand, man.
The Dude abides.
That rug really tied the room together.
I’m the Dude, so that’s what you call me. That or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you’re not into the whole brevity thing.
Smokey, this is not ‘Nam. This is bowling. There are rules.
Yeah, well, you know, that’s just, like, your opinion, man.
Sooner or later, you’re going to have to face the fact that you’re a goddamn moron.
Obviously, you are not a golfer.
I had a rough night, and I hate the Eagles, man.
Careful, man, there’s a beverage here.
At least I’m housebroken.
New sh*t has come to light.
Mr. Treehorn treats objects like women, man.
This is a very complicated case, Maude. You know, a lotta ins, a lotta outs, a lotta what-have-yous. And, uh, a lotta strands to keep in my head, man.
Look, the Chinaman who peed on my rug…
I figure my only hope is that the Big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.
Fuck it, Dude. Let’s go bowling.
Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
Eight‑year‑olds, Dude.
You’re not wrong, Walter. You’re just an asshole.
Donny was a good bowler, and a good man. He was one of us.
Nihilists! Fuck me. I mean, say what you want about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it’s an ethos.
Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you.
I’m perfectly calm, Dude.
What is this “day of rest” shit? What is this bullshit, man?
Will you come off it, Walter… You’re not even fucking Jewish, man.
I do mind, the Dude minds.
Way out west, there was this fella… Jeff Lebowski. Least that was the handle that his loving parents gave him, but he never had much use for it himself.
This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass, Larry!
Life does not start and stop at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit!
You see what happens, Larry? See what happens?
His life is in your hands, Dude.
Do you have to use so many cuss words?
What’s our frame of reference here, Donny?
You’re out of your element!
I’ll tell you what I’m blathering about…
That fucking bitch…
Phone’s ringing, Dude.
I don’t roll on Shabbos!
Get out of that fucking car, man!
He’s a good man… and thorough.
Way to go, Dude. If you will it, it is no dream.
Brothers Seamus? Like an Irish monk?
Oh… My plants are dead!
I’m unemployed.
Your revolution is over, Mr. Lebowski. Condolences. The bums lost.
I want a fucking lawyer, man. I want Bill Kunstler.
Stay out of Malibu, Lebowski!
Keep your ugly fucking gold‑bricking ass out of my beach community!
I’ll suck your cock for a thousand dollars.
Interactive erotic software. The wave of the future, Dude. One hundred percent electronic!
Yeah well, I still jerk off manually.